yep you guys kissed her right I mean
this thing sucks now I've had it for
within four years it's not letting me do
anything at all I think it's time to
step back and realize I have to get
something new or either a custom build
thing that you know I can finally do my
stuff right a much more productive
rather than just this slowed piece of
shit yes I do need to buy a new set of
bra and panties for sure see I don't
need to be funny at all I can bust out a
new joke at any fucking time here listen
this yo mama's so ugly that you went to
the haunted house and got a job
application you don't even have to laugh
because I got that joke off a yo mama
but seriously though in all honesty if a
guy can get like 10,000 likes on an
intro like hello ladies and gentlemen
why shouldn't I get like at least
thousand likes if I can bust out a new
joke on every video I should get like
thousand likes easily just for the heck
of it I'm just saying but anyways I do
need a new pc I mean you guys won't even
imagine this pc that I have right now
it's a dual-core processor and huh if
you think about it if I have an
eight-minute video to you know upload or
safest if it's an eight-minute video
it'll probably take me an hour and 30
minutes to render yep that's how bad it
is so here's my schedule that how I work
out on my way you know uploading and
rendering process and so if I get a game
play today right I'll come home from
work and as soon as I come home I'll do
a commentary render it out you know
render the video out by that night so in
that way i can upload the video on next
day yes you guys are probably wondering
you know why would you upload the video
next day why don't you upload the video
on the same day because my computer city
it doesn't up you know render that fast
so i have to wait for it to render it
you got it you guys gotta understand i
get home from work around two o'clock if
i do
contrary they'll take what maybe 20
minutes max because the errors that make
you know so I do the commentary render
the game play out by the time i render
it out UK people are going to bed so
yeah in that way there's there's not too
many people watching it at the same time
you know so by the time I get home
around two p.m. eastern you guys can
probably see my video in the sub sub box
which will make it around seven or eight
pm if i'm not mistaken i think there's a
five or six our distance time distance
between united kingdom and the eastern
time zone of the united states ok so
this happened like two three days ago I
think trot was one who helped me out get
try to get attention with a John's fat
cock how homosexual is that oh my gosh
um s Indies I'm sure you guys have heard
of him his twitter name is John's fat
cock so he started tweeting tweeting at
me ask me question what what kind of
computer i want and i told him i want a
gaming computer and he started showing
me some kind of specs you know hey this
is a computer you want and this is the
video card that you need to choose and
blah blah blah like a cpu processor i'm
not really into it you know like like I
really don't know what I want I want
like three or four people tell me at the
same time had this is what you need to
get because i want to see like the
difference between you know how these
computer geeks can tell me what i really
want so i still have a month left they i
want to think about it you know what
kind of custom pc that i want to build
because i really really really want to
you know awesome pc for one reason why
as you guys know freaking call of duty 4
is my best multiplayer game ever i mean
i can now live without color day before
and you guys know on xbox and ps3 the
game is totally fucked and our this is
my like dream come true I'll never ever
played pro mod on a colored 80 for pc
and I this is the opportunity that I
want you know
now really want to play is to one of the
most awesome things I've ever seen in
the frag movies and I really want to
play now so make my wish come true I
guess you guys I'm sure there's plenty
of people out there watching my videos
their fee of you guys who know lots of
lots of things about computer so if you
guys can help me out I really appreciate
it i can talk to you guys on skype and
you guys can walk me over or walk me
through I really appreciate it and I
mean I really want an awesome computer
you talk about everything built in you
know like a TV tuner card extra space
hard drives and stuff built-in you know
like a really awesome computer with
neons and stuff liquid cooling system
obviously like a really really really
awesome computer you guys know what I'm
trying to say like a dream built
computer there's plenty of people out
there who do that I don't know how many
of you guys have done that or not you
know if you guys have done that you guys
can send me a message and I'll probably
reply you back with it you know see if
you can walk me through it and i'll
really appreciate it you know oh by the
way I've totally forgot to mention this
I am willing to spend sixteen hundred
dollars on this computer without the
monitor so I'm sure I can get a good pc
out of it hopefully with a good ass
video gaming card you know I shouldn't
have any problems and I'm hopefully uh
you know hoping that you guys can help
me out along with the snds I really want
to talk to him with the like a skype
conversation not like a Twitter
conversation because I mean that I don't
know I need more information about the
computer how their work you know I just
can't be like hey I need a gaming PC
okay send me the specs and I'll just fly
this you know I just I don't want to do
that I mean I want to learn to I mean
what am I getting so yeah I know a
little bit about computer just a tiny
win see a little bit you know just not a
whole lot but uh I wish I did you know
but I'm hoping that you guys can help me
out too because you guys are amazing and
of course uh if you guys like this video
just write it up
and I'll see you guys next time okay one
last thing if you guys have a twitter
account you must follow me on twitter
because that's like one of the best way
you guys can reach me like or get in
contact with me especially if you are
helping me out with the pc that's like a
must follow right there because in that
way if you send me a message on YouTube
I won't get a notification but if you
send me a tweet I'll i can reply to you
like right away you know like what I'm
doing so uh yeah follow me on twitter
the link should be in a description bar
all right i'll see you guys next time
pea soup courtesy of exhale